docs: initial readme draft (#2)
freeCodeCamp/.github: profile/README.md

# freeCodeCamp

> <img src="https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/platform/universal/fcc_meta_1920X1080-indigo.png" align="center" alt="freeCodeCamp's logo" />

Reviewer: This is a pretty gargantuan image, I would recommend something smaller in height. I am of the opinion that the twitter header we have (same image on the main repo) is the most appealing - even though the logo is old.

Reviewer 2: Replaced!

[freeCodeCamp.org](https://www.freecodecamp.org) is a friendly community where you can learn to code for free. It is run by a [donor-supported 501(c)(3) nonprofit](https://www.freecodecamp.org/donate) to help millions of busy adults transition into tech.

Our full-stack web development and machine learning curriculum is completely free and self-paced. We have thousands of interactive coding challenges to help you expand your skills.

You can [read more about freeCodeCamp](https://freecodecamp.org/news/about).

## Our Curriculum

The codebase for our primary `/learn` platform can be found in the [freeCodeCamp repository](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp), which includes our curriculum lessons, web client, and API server.

## Contributing

> If you are interested in contributing to freeCodeCamp, we recommend starting with our [contributing documentation](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org).

Reviewer: I think we should remove these. Instead, let's use this feature to have a call for sponsors. I would use the copy and the list of projects from out GitHub sponsors page

Reviewer: If you go that route this is a cool tool to generate a SVG that we can reference in the content: https://github.com/antfu/sponsorkit

Reviewer 2: I went ahead and added the sponsors copy.

# freeCodeCamp

[![freeCodeCamp Social Banner](https://s3.amazonaws.com/freecodecamp/wide-social-banner.png)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

[freeCodeCamp.org](https://www.freecodecamp.org) is a friendly community where you can learn to code for free. It is run by a [donor-supported 501(c)(3) nonprofit](https://www.freecodecamp.org/donate) to help millions of busy adults transition into tech.

Our full-stack web development and machine learning curriculum is completely free and self-paced. We have thousands of interactive coding challenges to help you expand your skills.

You can [read more about freeCodeCamp](https://freecodecamp.org/news/about).

## Become a Sponsor to freeCodeCamp

In 2014, a teacher started an open source community called freeCodeCamp.org. This community has grown to include millions of developers from around the world. Together, we have built:

💻 A free 3,000-hour programming curriculum
🏛️ Forums and chat rooms where you can get coding help and feedback on your projects

> 🧪 6,000+ coding tutorials
> 🎒 100s of free YouTube courses on Computer Science, Data Science, and Machine Learning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
🧪 8,000+ coding tutorials
🎒 1,000+ free YouTube courses on Computer Science, Data Science, and Machine Learning

```
